In this video we will share the top 25 things to do in Michigan.
At number 1 we have the Saugatuck Dune Rides
This thrilling adventure takes you on a roller coaster like ride
through the stunning sand dunes of Saugatuck
along the way you'll have the oppurtunity to stop and take in the breath taking views.
and learn about the uniqe ecosystem of the dunes.
At number 2 we have the Henry Ford Musuem.
This Musuem is a treasure trove of american innovation, showcasing everythign to the bus that Rosa Parks
rode to a giant steam engine train. Its a fasinating journey through the history through american industry and technology
At number 3 we have the Detroit Institute of Arts. This world class Musuem
houses an exceptional collection of art including the Detriot Industry murials by Diego Rivera
and a remarkable collection of dutch and flemish art. Its a must vist for any art enthusist
At number 4 we have the Frederik Meijer Gardens and Sculpture Park. This beautiful park
features a diverse range of scultptures and gardens, inlcuding a chineese garden and childrens garden.
the boardwalk offers stunning views of the parks many attractions.
At number 5 we have the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore. This stunning national attraction features
colorful sandstone cliffs, beaches, sand-dunes, waterfalls, and forests.
A boat tour allows you to see the details of the rocks up close and learn about the history of the area.
At number 6 we have Arch Rock. This Geological formationn on Mackinac Isalnd is a site to behold.
Whether you reach it by carriage tour, hiking, or bicycling the view from the top is worth the journey.
At number 7 we have the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lake Shore. This beautiful area features
historic walking areas, scenic look out points and the stalking pure scenic drive.
Its a place of Natural beauty thats definitly worth the visit.
At number 8 we have Shepler's Mackinac Island Ferry. This ferry ride through lake Huron to Mackinac Island is an exeprienc in its self.
The views of the lake and the Island are simply stunning.
At number 9 we have the Tahquamenon Falls State Park. This state park is one of the major attractions of the upper penisula
and features beautiful waterfalls and walking areas.
At number 10 we have the most Motown Mesuem. This Musuem is located in the house Berry Gordy lived
and includes the recording studio where many famous songs were produced.
At number 11 we have the Greenfield Village. This outdoor Museum features historic buildings that Henry Ford perserved.
including the Wright brothers home and bicycle shop.
At number 12 we have the Mackinac Island State Park. This state park offers wonderfull vistas, historical buildings, and helpful rangers who can explain the areas past.
At number 13 we have Comerica Park, this is the home of the Detroit Tigers and is a great place to catch a baseball game.
At number 14 we have the Soo Locks. This enginering marvel allows ships to travel between lake superior and the lower great lakes.
At number 15 we have Fort Mackinac. This historic site offers a glimp's into the past with its well perserved buildings and exhibits.
At number 16 we have the Mackinac Bridge. This impresive bridge connects Michigans upper and lower penisulas and offers stunning views of the surronding area.
At number 17 we have the Holland State Park Beach. This Beatufl beach is a great place to relax and enjoy the view of the big red lighthouse.
At number 18 we have the Gerlad R. Ford Musuem. This musuem offers a fasinating look into the life and presidencey of Gerlad R. Ford.
At number 19 we have Oval Beach. This beautiful beach offers clean facilites and a consessions stand for vistors convienece.
At number 20 we have the Detroit River Front. This scenic area is a great place for a walk with beautiful views of the detroit river.
At number 21 we have S.S. Badger: Lake Michigan Carferry. This Historic Ferry offers a unieqe way to travel across lake Michigan.
At number 22 we have the Ford Piquette Avenue Plant. This Historic Site is where the first Model-T was built and offers a fascinating look into the early days of the automobile industry.
At number 23 we have Presque Isle Park. This Beautiful park is surronded by lake superior and offers a natural, peacful setting for vistors.
At number 24 we have Windmill Island Gardens. this charming area features a historic windmill, beautiful gardens and dutch style arcitecture.
At number 25 we have the Guardian Building. This stunnig art deckled building is a must see for arcitecture enthusists. So that sums up my Top 25 things to do in Michigan. I hope you enjoyed.